# [Chapter 3] i18n Support Feature

The easiest way to make your website **multilingual** is to use kaf.js. This is called the **i18n support feature** in kaf.js.

## Multi-language support methods

Using kaf.js, you can create a multilingual website without page transitions **with simple logic**.

Specify a `dictionary` for the kaf option and **create a dictionary object** for each language code. And if you want to use the i18n support feature, the default language code must be explicitly stated in the `locale` option.

In the dictionary object, you should define **key and translation combinations**. Take a look at the example below.

<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/mtsgi/fex39t4a/20/embedded/js,html,result/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

This example creates five dictionaries, `en, ja, zh, de, fr`, which define the translations to `title, desc, more` for each language.

> The language code you specify here does not have to be the correct language code. For example, you can use identifiers such as `lang2` or `nihongo`.

Next, add the `kit-i` attribute to the element that you want to change the content of the HTML markup by switching the language, and specify the key using **Mustache Notation**, such as `{{ title }}`.

```html
<a class="kit-button" kit-i>{{ more }}</a>
<!-- "{{ more }}" will be replaced by the word -->
```

## Switch language

In addition, the i18n of kaf.js internally observes the **kaf data** named `__locale`. Therefore, you can easily create a mechanism to switch the display language to `ja` by adding `kit:assign="__locale 'ja'"` to the attribute.

> That is, you can switch the display language by assigning `this.__locale = 'ja'` in the event script.

<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/mtsgi/2v97azck/7/embedded/js,html,result/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

In the above example, you can switch the language from an arbitrary string in an event. Try typing either `en, ja, zh` in the text box and pressing the button.

> You can also access the dictionary data directly by referring to `this._dictionary` from a Kaf instance. The above example checks for the existence of a defined language for the input string.

## Classification and organization of dictionary objects

The dictionary objects can be organized by classification according to the purpose of each key. Let's look at an example of classification into a dictionary of **headings** and a dictionary of **paragraphs**.

<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/mtsgi/b9af80uk/17/embedded/js,html,result/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

As shown above, nested objects in dictionary objects can be retrieved in Mustache Notation in the form `heading.i18n`. This makes it easier to manage the dictionary data by classifying it according to its location and purpose of use.

---

[＞ [Chapter 4] See About Style Control](/en/style)
